For the back room of Meltdown Comics and the NerdMelt Theater, I'm proud to say that Harmon
Town is once again in session.
Please welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Ray! Thank you. Mr. Jeff Davis, your comptroller.
Thank you for waiting. We usually do get it started a little bit after 8, but we had some
speaker wiring issues or something. The holodeck had to be rejiggered and thank you for your
patience. I hope it didn't affect the energy with which you were going to go home and watch
Breaking Bad on your DVRs. And also thank you for DVRing it and coming here. Erin did
not choose Breaking Bad over the show, but she is not here because she long ago committed
to hosting a Breaking Bad party at my house. It seems like she just stayed home to watch
Breaking Bad, but it's more important than that. There are guests and stuff. They're wearing
costumes and having a lot of fun and we're here. Chakes shaped like hats and, you know,
Erin Paul themed snacks. Anyways, I was just saying backstage, I've never seen a single
minute of that show. I look forward to maybe watching it all like one month on DVD or something.
You've got to be the last guy. I can't even think of... We should find a woman that also
hasn't seen it and meet you two and create some kind of... Interesting couple? Specialized
working breed of a person. Alright, so one thing on my mind and that's all I can think
about and then let's bring our friends up to make up for last time, but I'm a dog owner
and a cat owner. A lot of people my age have children. A lot of people my age have children
that are half my age. I have a dog and a cat and they're not getting along... Well, I mean
they're getting along okay. The cat doesn't let the dog more than a foot... There's a
cat bubble. If the dog gets too close, then the cat hisses and maybe swipes, but they've
never touched each other ever. They came very close to accidentally... Erin puts little
summit snacks in between the two of them. There's these snacks that both dogs and cats
like, so this kind of cruel fashion... Summit snacks? Well, I'm saying, she has a summit
and puts a little snack on the bed and the cat and the dog both like the snacks. There's
some for the cat, some for the dog, put them a little closer like Reese's Pieces. A summit
like Stalin and Roosevelt? Yeah. So they've never touched each other. The ultimate dream
is to have them snuggled up to each other, like a little dog-cat couple. Do you think
that dream is fast escaping? It's not going to ever... Well, here's the plot twist. We're
primates. We don't understand how these creatures really think at the end of the day. They exhibit
characteristics that make us think, well, okay, that cat's mad. I get mad. It doesn't
want something, so it's lashing out. Okay, I understand that. And so we then think that
these things have the same brains and emotions that we have and we're just wrong and I will
tell you why I found that out today. I was at work and Aaron texted me. Most of my colleagues
get texts from their significant others telling them, oh, little Jude took his first steps
or while you're working on community or Franklin ate a booger or they have kids is what I'm
saying. But I get this text to Aaron said, like... I mean, I guess I should use her...
I want you to feel my confusion and... Let's see. For those listening, Dan has produced
his enormous phone. Okay. So I just get a text from Aaron that says, Harvey licked
Fiv's butt. A frowny emoticon. Well, it sounds like that was the goal, wasn't it? Oh, so
your dog touched the cat wrong. Then she followed it up with dot, dot, dot, like there was candy
inside her butt hole. And I was very confused. I said, by the way, Fiv is the name of the
cat and Harvey's the dog. I said, what did Fiv do? Question mark exclamation point. What
do we call... What did we learn? Do we call those? I forget. Question mark. Terabang.
In terabang. Teragon. What did Fiv do in terabang? Aaron, she let him. Well, of course she let
him. Who doesn't want their asshole gently licked? Then another... Well... I was speaking
as a primate, I'm sorry. Exactly. Like, you wouldn't want your asshole gently licked by
another primate that you hated. Well... Don't put words in my mouth. And if you did after
that primate licked your ass, you would find it hard to pretend you still hated it. If
another primate that I hated came up to me and started gently licking my ass, I would
take that as an act of contrition. Exactly. It would be an event that would transform
a thing. Certainly. That's why we're a storytelling species. I find ass licking always to be a
transformative moment. All right. So, now back to this story. Okay. Now I'm listening.
Yeah, exactly. So, she let him. And then followed it up with, she just stood there like he was
paying dues. And I said, like, he was paying or she was paying? Are you saying she wanted
it? Enjoyed it? And she said, he was paying. She wanted it. Then she sat down. He sat down
next to her and she hissed at him. I said, I'm having trouble processing this. It's
not what I expected would be their first physical contact. She said, believe me, I saw it and
I can't process it. She offered him her butt. He sniffed it. He then licked her butthole
for upwards of 30 seconds. And I clarified. And she was like, that's right. You missed
a spot? Then laid down. He laid next to her and she was like, what are you crazy? Don't
ever come near me? Yep, exactly. Wow. Baby steps, you know. But that's not, baby steps.
That's how we think. You take steps and then you start to walk. You develop, you adapt,
you change at these milestones. This cat let this dog lick its asshole. It's not afraid
of it. That seems like, here's what I think. If I had to make a guess that Fiv being the
elder, she's been there longer. She's quite old, right? How old is Fiv now? Do we know?
She's got to be at least 13. She's an old, she's the grand dam of the estate. And here
comes this young puppy who's been bumming her out and she's been hissing at and she's
been quarantined into different parts of the home. And yeah, the least he can do is like
a little asshole. But that doesn't make it cool. It's like, no, you get to lick my ass
forever. I'm still not going to like you. That's an alpha, like saying like, yeah, you're
the ass licker. I still hate your guts. Yeah, I guess. It's like the closest you can come
to understanding is like prison, you know, like, like, like men make love to each other
in prison, but they don't then high five. They stab each other. Thank you for letting
me make love to you. That's, that's the least you can do for being in prison with me. Now
stabby, stab, stab. I wonder what, what Harvey's instinct was. Does he, does he just like
he's bummed out because Harvey, Harvey views, views all moving things as potential delay
is apples. Like, you know, if he sees a squirrel, he sees a cat, he sees another dog, he sees
a child, he sees a male man. He's, he has the same reaction to all of it. He just wants
to interact and play. It's very, very, very, very jolly fella who has never really experienced
any pain in his life. We're using this modern, you know, post Caesar Milan training technique.
We've never, we have never negatively addressed him. We have never even implied to him that
he's done anything wrong. And I'm proud to say it works. I'm relieved to say it works.
Like I always thought that dogs inherently, you need to like, you need to be punitive
at some point.
No praise, no.
No, no, no praise. Oh, always lots of praise for the things that you want them to do. But
then no, but no, if they take a shit in the middle of the constitution, like, like, while
you're signing it, you don't sign a constitution probably. But if they take a shit on your
Persian rug, you don't, you know, the old school way is like, you come down, you see
the shit. And at the very least, you go like, hey, bad, and hope that they pick up on it
at the worst you rub the face and blah, blah, blah. It just doesn't, it doesn't work. It's
a, it doesn't, the dog doesn't know, the dog doesn't, it doesn't, you can, you can make
a dog negatively associate negative behaviors with negative consequences, but, but kind of,
but overall what you're actually doing is making the dog associate you with negative
consequences.
Not, you're not, you're just making the dog nervous. You're, it's kind of like, the last
time I did anything I wanted, I kind of, I got hit in the nose with a newspaper. I guess
I'll kind of generally stick to what I know to be safe behaviors. So it's a, it's a kind
of, it's rabbit hunting with an elephant.
Well, so you've never told your dog, no. So your dog thinks everything is a possibility.
So it starts looking a cat's asshole. And the cat says, no, after it, let's, let's it
lick her butt and then hisses at it and he's getting negative.
Yeah. Well, the cat isn't bound by our rules and just definitely using Caesar Milan techniques
on the dog.
So he's all fucked up now. He doesn't know what's going on.
No, you see, he's just, the cat's got a, the dog better trained than us. I don't know what
you're trying to point out.
I'm just trying to figure out, we were trying to like figure out Harvey's state of mind
right now.
It's a cat. I mean, if the dog went up to a door and the door closed on its face, it
wouldn't, it's the, the door, the door, it's a cat.
Do you think that Harvey will, Harvey has learned his lesson to not lick Fib's ass anymore?
Or do you think he's going to go back to that well?
That I don't know. I mean, she, she let him lick her ass.
Right.
For 30 seconds.
30 seconds is a good long time.
The new school of dog training suggests that over time he will become an ass-licking cat.
That he will, he will only lick her ass.
She may have nailed it. Like, like she, she, she, he won't go near her unless she offers
her asshole and he'll just lick it and then he won't, but he won't ever do anything else
with her.
I hope that's the case.
It'll be interesting. All right. We've talked too long about this.
Or not long enough.
Let's, let's, let's, let's, I just want to bring up Kumail. He makes me comfortable.
Let's bring up Kumail Nanjiani.
He may be in the bathroom.
He's right here.
Hey, guys.
That is one of the nicest intros I've ever gotten, sincerely.
Yeah. I just, yeah. I just, you've become the edge of my pool. I just grab it instinctively
when I'm either scared or lazy.
We, so the cat and the dog didn't like each other in the beginning and now they're, they're
better.
I don't, I, I don't have an answer to that question. The dog licks the cat's asshole,
but the cat still doesn't like the dog.
The dog has always licked the cat. The dog expresses, the dog expresses all desire through
barking. Like if you, when the cat, it follows the cat, the cat doesn't want to associate
with the dog. We have a network of baby gates with the one slap taken out. So the cat has
more wizard, wizardly access to the whole house. It's never more than five feet away
from safety.
Whereas the dog has, it's like a ladybug, that video game from the 80s. Like there's
just a lot of gates.
Woo! I've never heard of this video game.
Well, why don't you guys all marry life if you're so young?
I think we do. We're marrying life, right, young people?
I don't, I don't think it's an age thing. You could have referenced equally old video
games, but maybe a little more popular one than ladybugs.
But he's like ladybug. He like, it was a very limited movement.
Oh, don't patronize me.
So he's like this ladybug that you speak of.
You know the character's name isn't ladybug. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's Barbara, Barbara,
Barbara.
We had, ah.
I can't, I can't riff a name.
You really can't.
No.
Barbara.
Barbara. Okay.
We have this cat and she's, ah, what happened was the people who lived in our house when
we moved in, she had two cats and when she moved, she just left the cats outside and
just moved away.
So which is, yeah, horrifying. So these two, one of the cats went feral like immediately.
The other cat was just hanging out like really sweet, like always like looking at us like,
hey guys, how's it going? We were feeding it, but our neighborhood has coyotes. So every
night it had to like battle giant werewolves basically.
And every morning it would be like, good food. Do you have any guns or anything?
But you could see it getting more desperate. So we took it to the vet, got it all checked
out. The sweetest cat we named him Wallace and we, and we, our own existing cat is bagel,
like really sweet, unaggressive bagel, right?
Oh adorable.
And we brought him home. Is it because when he sleeps, he looks like a little bagel?
No, I just always wanted a cat named bagel and I was like, it's not even the right color
or anything. It's not Jewish or anything. It is from Brooklyn though. So not Williamsburg.
Anyways.
So, but bagels like totally switched. Like she turned into a different, it was weird.
Like part of her like saber tooth brain, like evolution. It's like something changed and
she like totally turned into a different, like she would walk different, super mean
to this cat. We would see like the bagel would just stare down Wallace so, so long that bagel
would start falling asleep and then like wake up and be like, what am I doing? Oh right,
fuck this guy.
For like a week, just like staring at him and Wallace would just sort of annoyed because
he's been battling werewolves, you know,
He's from the streets. Yeah, he's from the streets. He's here that Eugene Levy of Cats is saying get away, brother.
Exactly. That's exactly right. This, is this better? Okay, that one felt weird. But Wallace
is just looking at us like.
No, no. I had that one turned down because it seemed so loud. And then you picked up
that one.
Alright.
Maybe, and then I just thought to myself, I think you have a more resonant voice than
the rest of us. You have a very,
I'm just loud, you're saying?
No, you have a very professional Cedar voice. You project more.
Okay.
That's a really racist stereotype.
Oh yeah? What do we usually scream, Jeff?
Fuck.
He eyes up, brothers, anybody? Now, nobody looks like they are on my side.
You do?
No, not at all.
I look, but I'm not.
He can pass. He can infiltrate.
What nationality are you?
I'm Mexican, but I still get checked at the airport.
You're Mexican, but you still get checked at the airport?
Yeah.
That's a bummer.
Wait, it's a bummer even if I get checked at the airport?
No, but it's a bummer. I mean, if you, it's a, I think, look, is it?
This is a double bummer because he gets checked at the border too.
Hey man, bummers are bummers.
Infinity times two is still infinity. It's still a bummer.
Well, I guess that's sort of a crass way of putting it, but I wasn't thinking like,
oh, he gets checked twice as much, but I was thinking as a white person, I was like,
oh man, you get the harassment, which is kind of a, I think, I think, I think I fantasize
about being, you know, because, you know, that's the one thing that white people don't get to have is...
Racism?
Racist it at?
Is the fantasy of being locked out, of like waking up in the morning and being like,
man, fucking, fuck this shit.
So the one thing white people don't have is not having privilege?
Exactly, yes.
Yes.
You know what? As far as sacrifices go...
Camille, Camille.
I'm aware that I'm being glib.
I'm making the same joke. I'm just saying.
I know I'm one with that. You have no idea how good you have it.
Well, it's like that old joke, like there's like a camera.
Oh, you beat me. You've taught me humility. Now I have everything.
Like the idea of like getting to be like really hardcore Irish or really like hardcore anything.
It's true.
You would want that?
That's what I'm saying is, if you get to be something, anything other than just this vanilla like meringue,
if you get to be something, then there's the price, which is like harassment, prejudice and all this stuff.
But at least you have, but then there's the upside, which is like identity.
And this poor guy, they're stopping up at the airport and going, hey, over here, Punjab.
And he's like, wait, I'm, I'm not Punjab. I'm not, I don't have a, I'm not, I'm not even allowed to be offended in a specific way.
I'm just being inconvenienced.
What is your name?
Amadeez.
It sounds weird.
Amadeez?
Close enough.
Might as well be Punjab.
Amadeez is pretty racially nonspecific.
It's ambiguous.
Yeah.
That could be anything.
I, I get what you're saying, because sometimes if something shitty happens to me, I'm like, oh, this guy's racist.
But to you, it's like, oh, he just hates you.
You're just...
Dan, is that what I'm saying?
I don't think...
What I'm saying is that, is that when the downside is being on the barrel end of racism, the upside is being in an exclusive, exclusive club.
You get to be like something.
Yeah, I understand.
That makes sense.
And so it would be a bummer to be mistaken for something and it'd be like, whoa.
But it sounds like it's more for you like a kind of a persecution complex.
Like you're kind of Christ, you know.
Yeah, I like that.
Yeah, that's what appeals to me about racism is the idea of being a minority.
That would be the thing that I would be into.
I would be, if I was, if I was not white, you better believe I'd make a fucking meal out of it.
Yeah.
Because I, because I, look at me, I am a fat white rich guy and I'm constantly raving about how I'm unappreciated and I'm a genius and no one knows it and all this shit.
Would you be a Black Panther or an activist?
I imagine I would push whatever envelope you could while still being a coward.
I don't think I'd do anything cool.
I think I just bitch a lot.
I'd probably have a really cloying blog.
Today I was at the bank and they said, can I help you?
What do you mean, can you help me?
Like I need help?
I don't know.
They're right, definitely.
It sounds like you'd be a terrorist.
It sounds like you'd have a lot of problems with the man and you'd want to tear them down and make them feel kind of punished them.
No, but he doesn't have, wouldn't have the courage to like actually be a terrorist.
He just like sort of have their back, whatever that means.
Some of you are trying to trick me into saying I'd be a terrorist.
Others of you are saying it takes courage to be a terrorist.
I'm stepping off of all of this.
Hey man.
I'm just saying you don't have to walk.
You don't have to be non-white to be a terrorist.
Well, let's talk about this. Let's plan this out.
What would we do, Jeff?
First I'd say let's hit pause on our podcast.
Let's come up with a logo.
And then I would lower the screen and I would show you a 15-minute slideshow about some ideas that I have.
I'll say I'm special guest Aziz Ansari.
We'll continue with the show.
We do a slightly related segue.
I have been thinking lately that it's time to get back to getting to the moon.
I think we need to make that a new objective.
You mean our quickly bailed on premise that we had three years ago?
Yeah, but it was a passionate one. It was about alienation, like getting the fuck out of here.
Just, I'm getting that feeling again.
Let's get the fuck out of here, man. Everyone's dumb.
Let's go.
That's a great response. Everyone's dumb.
He's got his SAT score on a headband.
The smartest guy in the world.
Man, I've been totally waiting for someone to say that, man.
I expected a bigger response from this lot.
I think most people are politely nodding.
Yes, don't tell them, Mayor Harmon.
Lots of monocles are falling out of people's eyes.
But yeah, I want to get up there and pitch a geodesic dome with a cooler of beer and just be left alone.
How many people were you initially talking about bringing up there?
Well, it should be a mythical number, right? So either 12 or 666, I don't know.
Is pitching a geodesic dome the moon version of pitching a tent?
Yeah.
But not getting a boner.
Okay.
Your bone won't be shaped like a crystal with multifaceted sides to it.
Yeah, space boner.
12 seems too small.
I think 600 is a good number.
I wonder what the ideal number would be.
Well, the ideal number would be about 100 if the goal, excuse me for burping, was...
I'm convinced that roughly 100 is sort of like...
The average person can keep track of 100 people.
It starts to get past 100 that things start to get statistical.
Yeah, to me it would be hell, the idea that you could keep track of everybody.
The idea that you knew everybody was like living in a small town that would make me feel incredibly...
Look at these people.
There's about 100 of these people.
I don't know these motherfuckers.
Yeah, but exactly.
What if this was what we thought?
Yeah, but we don't live together.
If we all lived on a colony on the moon, we would all know each other.
Then it would take years, you would slowly get to know them.
You would go through rotations and go like, hey, Ben, what are you doing for dinner tonight?
I don't know, 100 people.
No, you go to the moon and go, hey, there's a big party on Friday night and that would happen every Friday night.
You'd meet everybody every week.
100 people you'd get to know.
But the parties would be, therefore, more meaningful.
They wouldn't just default to this weird networking thing.
But you're not going to like 100 people out of that 100.
You're going to like four.
Not 100.
Yeah, at a time.
And then you get sick of those four and you move over to four otherwise.
But they're still going to be there.
You're gradually going to get sick of everybody but four people.
In 18 years, at which point, there's all these new people you made.
But they're my kids.
No, they're 18.
There are other people's kids too.
But they're the kids of the people I don't like.
It's a new generation.
They were bellicose.
They're parents.
They hate their parents.
People I don't like.
I don't like their kids either.
No, come on.
Look, some of their, you would, Jeff, stop it.
We know what you're doing and we don't like it.
I'm saying 100 people is not a lot of people.
It's just not enough for you because you're a sponge.
You would never get enough.
100 people, you'd be like, so there's a cap on the amount of love I can get?
You would be like, I'm dying in a coffin.
I would be like, finally controlled.
It's not about receiving love.
It's about variety.
I couldn't live in a very, very small town.
Variety?
You go to the same bar every day.
I don't mean that in a bad way, but I mean like we have our parents.
No, I don't go, but also, it's not the same people that go in every time.
It's a new cast of characters that come and go.
Is it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Is it?
Not really.
I see the same fucking people.
Every three days, some guy wonders through and goes, hey, what's with the suit?
That wouldn't happen on the moon.
That's what you're worried about.
No, I would love, that would be good.
I love the idea that people, because now people-
People have now stopped asking me about the suit.
Now if I show up not in a suit, people go, hey man, is everything good?
That's true.
Whenever you show up-
Were you at a funeral?
People are concerned like, hey man, do you get out of jail?
What's going on here?
What do you say when people say what's with the suit?
It depends on who says it.
When I first started wearing suits a lot, you would get like-
I feel like we've talked about this in the show before.
If you have, then we don't have to talk about it.
Generally it happens at a urinal, which I'm not a big fan of urinal chit chat.
No, I'm not here to make friends.
Yeah, exactly.
There's not an-
I don't want to make a connection here.
Some guy is peeing next to you and goes, hey, suit guy!
It's like that.
Hey man!
I told dad this one.
That was a good one.
Was it the Viper in the long time ago?
Very long time ago.
When I first- I had one suit.
One $30 vintage suit that I wore to death.
He was there with River Phoenix.
That's how long ago it was.
No, it was just around the same time.
But I was in the bathroom and he goes, hey, suit guy!
I was like, hey, how's it going?
I said, do we- you know, our dicks are in hand.
And I said, I'm sorry, do we know each other?
He's like, no man, but you always wear a suit.
You always wear the same outfit, but you get some mad puss.
And I was like, I just kind of frowned.
And he goes, hey man, I'm not trying to hate, I'm trying to celebrate.
By the way, and I actually said, I went, pine cone.
And he goes, what? I go, I don't know.
I just thought if I'd say something, you'd rhyme it.
But like, you get like- sometimes guys would go like,
hey man, how come you always wear a suit?
And I go, how come you never do?
And they go, yeah.
That's like that Donnie Darko line where they're like,
why are you wearing a stupid rabbit suit?
Why are you wearing that stupid human suit?
That's sort of like that.
Wow, Donnie Darko, what a movie.
That movie fucking stinks.
Stinks.
Some people don't like it, right?
Some people don't like it.
But more people like it.
I think people don't like it.
Anatoly likes it.
Anatoly has the luxury of having English as a second language though.
That's like airbrushing everything.
It's like putting pantyhose over a shitty movie.
I'm sure like the subtleties of something's shittiness can like-
Isn't that movie good? I don't know.
I think it's like-
It's a wonderful life, but backwards.
It's a wonderful life, but backwards?
Yeah, it's about how he shouldn't be alive.
Well, but it's also backwards in the sense that it's a wonderful life is good.
So they nailed it.
They made a shitty version of a backwards premise.
It's like there's these movies that came out that were huge
and now everybody's decided like, we hate them like that in Garden State.
Everyone liked it when it first came out and now everyone hates those movies.
No, I hated it when it came out.
This guy hated it.
He hated it when it came out. Everyone says that.
It's like in prison everyone says they're innocent.
Yeah.
I just think that you become a curmudgeon as you get older
because you basically like you just don't bother to go through the phase.
You know, but like the younger you are, let's face it.
I like a lot of movies from when I was like 18 that are just like, they're not going to hold up.
If I show people go like, no, this is the best movie.
It's like, watch Midnight Run. It's the best.
Like someone's going to have a right to go, Midnight Run is not that good.
Stop jacking off on it.
Like, no, but I still agree that Midnight Run is an amazing movie,
but I still think it's equally true if somebody were to watch it and go like, this is a piece of shit.
You were 18 when you saw this and it was meaningful to you
and you can't escape those like neural pathways that you created when you saw it.
We talked about this with Goonies.
Labyrinth.
Labyrinth and yeah, people came up.
There was a girl that came up that felt that way about Space Jam
and she's not a bad person.
She's not a...
But she made no case for it.
Well, there's no case for it.
That's the point.
There is no way to prove that Space Jam's a good or bad movie.
Well, yes there is.
She made no case for not being a good bad person.
Oh, okay.
Is she here?
She's a bad person.
She's like Typhoid Mary.
She just wanted to suggest Space Jam was good.
She's out of the next city.
She's in Idaho right now and an open mic.
Space Jam, right guys?
Give it another shot.
I don't like Led Zeppelin, but I will defend Neil Diamond.
That doesn't make me right.
It makes me weird.
It makes you you, huh?
Yeah, it does.
So, curmudgeonry, if that's a word,
is the phenomenon of getting older and older and older
and not even bothering with the period between
seeing something and realizing that it's probably
like good or not good or whatever.
Like not going through the part where you're like,
whoa!
You just go like, I'm not falling for that.
You see a Spider-Man, Bill Burton.
You're just like, that's dumb.
I've seen eight Spider-Man movies.
And then some 18-year-old guy is like, you know what?
There's no drug like being 18.
We can't remember what it's like.
Your fucking brain is on fire.
Your dick's like a blackened Decker.
It's just like your blood is different.
Your blood is literally different
and every chemical in it is different.
And we take substances to alter our state,
but we've failed to recognize that when you're 18,
you are a different species.
And you see a Spider-Man, Bill Burton,
and you combine that hormonal energy
with the fact that you haven't been around long enough
to not trust a movie.
And you're just like, fucking Spider-Man 4 was awesome.
And then some 40-year-old guy goes, you fucking dick,
get out of here.
Fuck you.
You should kill yourself.
You fucking piece of shit.
Whoa, what's with the fossil?
He's bummed out.
It's like...
Cremuginary is abused hope.
It's disappointment.
Yeah, you have a higher standard
for the flavors you've tasted.
You go like, what happened to...
But we failed to recognize it.
Some of the shit, we were like,
oh, what happened to...
Why doesn't everything taste as good as Star Wars?
You were like 12 when you saw it.
And also, there were no fucking...
There wasn't festivals and conventions
where the cast of Star Wars had to show up
two years before the movie was finished
and tell 6,000 people,
Darth Vader's Luke's father,
who wants to hear it?
Yay!
Okay, we got a sneak preview for you.
Here's some Ash Kins.
We got some bottle openers.
Good job, good job.
Go to StarWars.com.
You got your free preview.
And all this week,
we got Star Wars Ministers coming in.
Everything's just kind of...
It's not good or bad.
Everything's just this big oatmeal and fucking...
Like, we were 12 in a world that was like,
holy shit, there's pictures moving on the screen.
And there's no way to capture them,
except with our hearts.
I can't...
They're gone.
What did he say?
He said he was his father?
I mean, I just re-winded, I can't,
and there's no word for rewinding.
My favorite toy is when I was a kid,
there was two things,
Legos and Star Wars action figures.
Legos were awesome,
because, you know, they build stuff.
But I remember being four-ish,
four and a half,
going on five,
standing in line at the Orange Cinerama Dome
for Star Wars with my family.
I remember it vividly,
because there was a bunch of dudes
in white bell bottoms,
because it was 77,
and they had long hair
and kind of proto-mustaches,
and everybody had pickup trucks and fans
with airbrush shit on them,
and there's weed everywhere.
Like, you later on go,
what's that smell?
Oh, that's the Star Wars parking lot smell.
It's a bunch of marijuana.
Why were there so many worse skunks in the 70s?
By the way, this sounds a lot like right now.
My father had to take me out of the theater,
out of the, embarrassingly, sadly,
out of the emergency,
one of the exits,
by the stage left, screen right door,
in front of everybody,
because I started crying
when Darth Vader came out.
That's why I love the action figures,
because that was the most important moving in the world.
There was a big scary bad guy.
That was the greatest.
So were you training yourself
with the action figure to not be scared
to go through and be able to sit through the movie again?
I am bigger than you.
You're like shaming it,
leaving it in the bathroom.
I never thought of it like that.
I never thought of it like that,
but that certainly has to be some of the fantasies
that you are Zeus,
you're controlling these things
that had power over you mythologically.
I was watching the original King Kong recently,
and you think of like people,
like when did that come out?
I'm sure you know.
33.
People just going and seeing fucking King Kong,
and it just like blowing their minds,
and it sucks that we don't,
like that first movie,
what was that train going through the tunnel?
I bet people watching were like,
this will never be better than this.
This is the best movie ever.
My favorite movie was People Leaving Factory.
That was good.
The Lumiere Brothers.
I mean yeah, back then they actually,
like guys had to figure out,
and girls I'm sure,
that had to figure out like that concept
of like cutting from one thing to another.
Oh yeah, there was no language for it.
The idea of like,
there was a box that captured light,
and there was like,
oh those first movies were like,
go get that guy that does that magic trick.
Because they could only conceive
of shooting something interesting
that had its own interest.
Like what should we preserve,
and then someone had to figure out,
wait, the camera,
the audience's brain will tolerate
using this device to whip around the cosmos
to be up in this guy's grill,
and then cut to what he's looking at,
and then cut back to him,
and have him go,
I want a sandwich.
Amazing.
And then when people would walk on the screen,
like reportedly, supposedly,
people would see this,
and they couldn't help but like,
they would train their necks.
And when the train came at them,
people ducked.
Yeah, it makes sense,
because we go to the, you know, Carnival Ride thing,
the Simpsons, Transformers, whatever,
they capital, I mean, we're still going to do it.
Anyways, what are we talking about?
I'm wasting this show.
We should be talking about terrorism.
Uh, let's get to the moon,
where it's legal.
Terrorism is legal?
Yeah, there's no laws there yet.
Nothing to blow up, but no consequences.
But then you're going against the people
who you went to the moon with,
what are you rebelling against?
Aren't you all sort of in agreement?
Gotta bring a couple bad people up there with us.
Just for terrorism?
Yes.
I feel like it's going to take
what terrorist doing a great job
for this whole thing to die.
Now, Dan, you're saying,
I don't like the idea of just 100 people.
It seems too low.
Oh, right.
But let's say it's 100,
because that's a good round number.
What did you say?
100.
Let's just call it 100 right now.
Well, okay.
You want that guy to be like,
you want enough people
so that you could run into someone at the urinal
who's like,
you don't hate, participate.
I don't know.
I don't want that guy in the moon.
There would be nobody allowed like that up there.
It would all be Spencers.
It would just be like 100 Spencers.
But 100 Spencers,
100 Spencers would devalue the Spencer currency.
Well, I mean,
I mean like Spencer,
but I mean equally cool.
But like everybody would be different.
What have we found at Harmontown?
There are 100 Spencers.
My question was though,
if you were up there with a bunch of really intelligent people,
would you be happy?
Because like,
isn't part of your Christ complex persecution thing,
your fantasy that,
how much smarter you are than people
and how much,
you're always like,
how much better you are than people.
Wouldn't you kind of die on the vine
if everybody was like.
No, no, I don't think so.
I don't want,
I mean,
and I have discovered as of late,
humble brag,
that to a limited degree,
as much as someone in my field
is supposed to experience it,
which should be never,
but I have on accident,
like this concept of fame,
as opposed to respect.
Like I want everyone to like me,
or I started that way.
I want everyone to like me.
I want as many people to like me as possible.
But there's other people who are like,
I want everyone to know my name.
I'm not one of those people.
Do not like that.
Because when everyone knows your name,
then it's just like random people
are just going like,
hey, fuck face,
like get a job,
fuck it, whatever.
Like I've gone out with Jack Black
to grocery stores,
like he was just trying to buy a box of tricks
and like people just like come up to him
and point at his face,
like he's a bug,
and go,
you're famous, right?
And he goes,
no,
because fuck you,
if you don't even know.
And they're like, yeah you are.
Can I get a picture?
Okay.
And then like people are running back up to him
and going,
because they went and Googled him
or something like that.
And they go like,
Jack Black,
King Kong wasn't that good though.
Fuck that.
That's fame.
I don't want,
that's no good.
Like,
I want to be in a room
where I don't have to worry about a single person
thinking that there's anything wrong with me.
Would you be comfortable in a room
or in a colony full of people
that were slightly smarter than you?
Where you kind of felt like you just...
As long as,
as long as,
I don't,
first of all not possible,
second of all,
no,
I'm kidding.
No,
I mean,
I'm,
it's not a politically incorrect usage of the word,
like I'm borderline retarded
in terms of math,
in terms of all kinds of things.
So,
like there's a lot of people
that are way smarter than me.
Smart in other ways.
Yeah.
I,
as long as,
as long as I wasn't like a burden,
that's the thing.
That is fear of alienation.
I don't want to be stuffed in a locker.
I don't want to be,
I don't want to ever have to be in a room
where there's a single person that's like,
God,
it would be so much better
if you just fucking die.
Which is high school.
It's just like,
like,
it's 90% of the people are just like,
why don't you just fucking die?
All right,
then what about,
like,
not to say that people that do,
functionary jobs,
like,
let's say,
you know,
like,
gain satisfaction or doing simple tasks,
like that,
like,
they can't,
we can't all be,
or like,
the colony could not just be a bunch of intellectuals,
a bunch of artists.
There'd have to be people that were satisfied
doing menial tasks,
like,
like stuff like that.
Well,
I don't think,
I mean,
we've,
we've explored this at the 60s.
Like there's,
there's been,
like colonies of hippies,
they're all plenty smart,
and they,
they grow their potatoes
and they remove their garbage
and they cut each other's hair
and they deliver each other's babies
and it's,
it's worked.
Like the fact that a hundred people's worth of poop
had to be cleaned up.
Like the Spanish Civil War,
like,
like the anarchist communes there
and like the,
the Paris Communists and like that,
these,
these are people that had planned secretly
under fascist governments
or monarchy governments to,
they had,
like,
underground teaching each other
how to run things,
how to operate stuff,
and it takes years and years and years
and years of education,
and,
and under those situations,
like,
completely illegally and underground
to learn how,
when the revolution happens,
that we're ready to go,
take out the trash.
Okay, all right.
You got this.
That's awesome.
So you'd have to be,
like,
you can't just take a ship up to the moon
and say,
all right, everybody,
we're all
anarcho-syndicalists.
We're all,
everyone's going to do their own thing.
Like,
like,
we're all going to take pride in our work.
We're all going to do it.
Yes.
You can go,
okay, everybody,
because there's only a hundred of us.
So,
like,
there's probably a hundred,
fifty,
two hundred people in this room,
so we know that we could do this on the moon.
So we go,
okay, everybody,
and none of us
wants to clean up poop.
And,
I mean,
maybe one guy would go,
I love it.
We made a mistake.
What's your name?
Toby?
Okay,
Toby, fine,
fine,
sorry for the meeting.
Let's talk.
But,
assuming Toby doesn't exist,
like,
okay,
no one wants to clean up poop,
but there's a hundred of us,
there's a hundred people's worth of poop.
The good news is,
if we all take turns,
we only have to clean poop
one percent of our,
of our lives.
That's a lot.
Dude,
you also, though,
you get to do all the cool stuff,
like,
one percent of the time,
cleaning the poop,
if people poop,
let's say once or twice or three times a day,
that's,
you're doing it like a lot.
But,
this is a space colony,
like,
you're pooping into a toilet
that is suctioning your poop into a...
Oh,
we just shoot it back to Earth.
Yeah!
No,
because then Earth declares war on you.
Man,
if you guys just put like
an NBC logo on it,
and like,
like,
I was trying to think of a logo, like a corporate logo, and I blurted out the name of my employers.
That's never happened before.
In the podcast where we talked about terrorism being for brave people, and we would have said,
the one thing tomorrow would be, Dan Harmon blasts the peacock with space poop,
suggests that the mass opiate ain't having it.
If you do hurl the colonies-
The Charlie Sheen of writers blew up again last night.
This time is Lava Mouth Flood about poop and NBC being the same.
Click here for Bacardi!
You could send the poop back though because it would just burn up an Earth's atmosphere kind of harmlessly, wouldn't it?
All you have to do is make it a little slower, and it'll burn up.
That's the great thing about the atmosphere. Automatic poop burner. Perfect.
We're already nailing this. It'll be a symbolic thing.
You'd have to get that just right because eventually you would create a pooposphere.
A ring, a beautiful brown ring around it.
It's like a Saturn's poop ring.
From the moon?
For Earth it would look like, shit, we're being satellite by shit.
That's a symbol of our power.
But then Earth attacks the moon because it's the poop wars and they come and get you.
I dare them to attack. Do you know how hard it would be for them to attack the moon?
We put some fuckers on there in 1969 with a digital watch.
And we haven't been back there since because it's that expensive and we're that lazy.
There's no real space program.
If we figure out a way to get back to the moon with 100 people, all we have to do is destroy the Earth.
We just go, hey, Earth, fuck you.
And then move 20 yards so that by the time they figure out how to invade where that signal came from,
there's nothing there but a thousand craters that were already there.
The moon is like a mega-Afghanistan.
You have moon?
I had a question but let's talk about that a little bit.
You have moon, moving technology?
No, not moon. I'm not moving the moon.
I'm saying a hundred of us.
Just move over.
But they could land a robot on the moon.
I would like to see that.
We've done it.
We've done it because we're smart.
People on the Earth will still be people on the Earth.
Not smart people.
There's more than 100 smart people on Earth.
But there's sell-outs and that will compromise them.
If I've learned one thing, if I take the 100 people I want,
I will have already removed, just removing the 100 people that I want.
Earth's passion will have been reduced by 90%.
I want to say first of all, I would say that mega-Afghanistan is actually Pakistan.
Stop quoting your bumper stickers.
Guys, they're on sale over there.
The sign as you drive into Pakistan.
Welcome to Pakistan.
Yeah, mega-Afghanistan.
I don't know, maybe the tourism board needs a rewrite.
The entire time, all I could see in my head was Adam Goldberg,
wearing different disguises, trying to get on the rocket ship.
I think I'd bring him.
You would take Adam maybe, right?
I've said I'd put a statue to Adam Goldberg up in the front.
There's a lot of real estate, so having a statue wouldn't be that big a deal.
Everybody's got a statue, so don't get too excited.
Name to me some archetypes that you wouldn't want to bring along.
Wouldn't want to bring along.
That guy, the pea guy, the rhyming...
Rhyming urinal talking guy is probably not coming.
Rhyming frat guy is not coming.
Anybody who's ever said in their entire life, ever,
you'd have to somehow figure out a way to polygraphically prove this,
because their instincts are going to be a lie when they find out what's at stake.
Anyone who has ever in their entire life said too much information.
Or first world problems.
Or white people problems.
Or dig a little deeper, or tell us how you really feel.
Or didn't get the best of the first cut right there.
Yeah.
Are you not coming?
There's one, I know people that use it all the time, I just wish everybody would stop saying,
at the end of the day, I hate that it drives me fucking mad.
I say it all the time.
Everybody said, yeah.
I think I probably would have to have my own moon moon.
A moon of the moon?
Yeah, it'd be like a little VIP moon.
We're already creating Earth on moon.
This is why we got away.
Yeah, but Adam Goldberg's going to be there, and I'm going to have to get out of here.
I kind of like that, though, that we incorporate into our culture.
No offense, Adam, I love you.
It's a hundred.
The moon's not big enough for the two of us, man.
I would let you come to VIP moon once in a while.
We incorporate into our moon another moon.
Once in a blue moon.
Membership revoked.
By the way, people at home don't know he stood up to say that.
He either took a bow or his spinal problems are...
He stood up and said, I'm sorry.
Did that feel rude?
No, it was funny.
But it looked like he took a bow.
He chipped an imaginary top hat when he did that.
He had the expression on his face that he was expecting people to just carry him out on his shoulder.
I'm saying just for me, the ability to be alone in a crowd is the greatest thing in the world.
The ability to get away.
I love everybody here that comes to these shows.
I've never had a bad experience here doing Harmontown.
I've never been bummed out by anyone that's ever come.
But when the show's over, I just leave.
I want to go and kind of get away.
And that's just my own need to separate myself from crowds.
But where do you go?
You don't go to...
I have to go to another place.
There will be so many places for you to go on the moon.
Where?
A little cheeky bar called Jeff's Place.
It's a hundred people.
What if I wanted a hundred different restaurant options?
There can't be just the can'ts. There will be three restaurants.
No, there'll be more than three.
Who's going to work there?
The moon is huge.
A hundred people are going to man how many restaurants?
It's all automated, dude.
Okay, if there's 99 restaurants and you all work in one, then that's fine with me.
Okay, here's the thing. Jeff, there's not going to be any restaurants.
What?
There's not going to be any... Yeah, Jeff, no restaurants.
Fuck you.
There's not going to be capitalism, Joe.
I'm not saying it's about fucking quid pro quo and reciprocity.
I'm saying there has to be...
VIP Moon's going to have some fucking swinging restaurants up there.
If you guys want to go have a nice meal.
Are you going to have that restaurant that you talked about called the Leftovers or whatever?
Where it's like everything in the bike taken out of it?
Real nets idea?
Yeah. Is that what that was?
It's going to be called Space Bikes.
But my Moon will actually rotate.
It won't be orbit-locked like our Moon.
Mine will actually be a revolving restaurant.
You can actually have a revolving view of fake bullshit moon.
Okay, where do we...
Are you in real Moon?
Yeah.
We call it fake bullshit moon.
It's called fake moon.
Because it's...
Yeah, we just call it Moon.
On this fictional Moon that you created.
Yeah, we're talking about shit that we can do.
You're on a flight of fancy here.
In my humanity, you're clinging to the very problems that made Earth uninhabitable.
With your magical VIP...
My Moon is going to be called Phoenixville.
And we're going to look down on Moon Moon.
And we're going to go like...
Look, it's nice to live...
It's just called Moon.
Moon app.
We have a lot of names for the Moon.
The Moon.
But a hundred fucking...
You got to take a vacation and get off of the fucking Moon.
It's so big.
Yeah, but a hundred people...
Going to the Moon is the vacation.
All right, is the Moon totally filled?
Oh yeah, we've teal whatever the entire thing.
Yeah, it's all matter.
What is it called?
You've got a hundred people...
Terraforming.
We've terraformed the whole thing.
You've terraformed...
So it's not just a dusty wasteland.
No, dude, it's great.
Then where's the restaurants?
Well, I don't know.
First of all...
Yeah, I'll let you take the restaurant.
We can't say we terraformed the whole place like there's grass there.
Is there going to be Mexican food?
Because if there's no Mexican food, I'm going to VIP Moon.
There will be Mexican food.
Here's what there's going to be, you guys.
There has to be Mexican people.
How many Mexicans are you bringing up out of a hundred?
What in the world...
We're leaving the Earth to get away from this horrible classism.
There is no warranty anymore.
I love Mexican people.
I love Mexican food.
Well, there will be three Mexican guys up there,
and they'll all be brilliant painters.
Fine.
They're not going to bring you food.
Okay.
Somehow that's very offensive too, but...
They're going to be great lovers.
I'm bringing Pedro almost over.
We're going to need more than a hundred people is what I'm saying.
There's a lot of shit to get done,
and a hundred people aren't going to do it.
I don't understand.
There's a lot of shit to get done.
No, we're just going up there to exist in peace.
You could do it with three people, but...
A small community, if everyone knows each other's name to me,
it sounds like hell.
Oh my God.
That's heaven to me.
Really?
Yeah.
You could say that.
Seven billion people whose names I never know.
Yeah, but...
I could finally be that guy that walks into a room and goes,
Mike, Kevin, Barbara, Stacy.
I should throw some ethnic beans in there.
We should throw, yeah.
Yeah.
Armadice.
Almadovar.
Armadice, you're coming.
You're Mexican.
Armadice.
Anatoli.
He counts, right?
Yeah.
He counts.
Totally.
Spencer.
Enti.
Oh my God, Enti.
You don't like to travel.
You would love to have a...
You're a hermit.
Like build a giant Danadoo wherever you're...
I would love to not feel like a dick everywhere I go.
I go to Channel 101.
I go even out here after the show.
Jeff, what time is it?
Look.
9-11.
So many...
So much of my life is spent with this interaction.
People coming up and going,
hey, and I go, hey, and I look at their face
and I recognize the expression of a person who...
Knows you.
Believes that I should know their name.
And I...
That's everybody.
We all go through that.
I go through it more than other people, I think.
I am miserable about it.
I would like...
I very much enjoy walking into a room
and knowing who everybody is.
I hate if I'm going to go through that.
It makes me very aloof-seeming
and makes me very uncomfortable.
It makes me have to stare at the floor
and it's already hard enough to interact with people.
I could like...
If I actually could recognize people...
You wouldn't get sick of the same people
that you knew all the time?
I mean, 100 people?
That's like a big apple to bite.
Like I said, by the time I would get bored with them,
I think it would be 20 years later,
not only would I be dying,
but there would be all these new people.
But they would be children.
No, they would be 20-year-old people.
We're going to start fucking as soon as we get up there.
100 people fucking.
It's like, it's not...
I don't know.
Have you looked at the Earth lately?
100 people fucking leads to this.
Yeah.
No.
By the way, I know what's going to happen
is in like 20 years on the moon,
you guys are going to be like fierce enemies
in these stories.
Like, remember on Earth, they used to be friends.
Like how Superman and Lex Luthor went to school together
in a small world.
What if you took the...
What if you took half of the moon
and it was like the capitalist side?
This is the whole story.
I despise capitalism.
Guys!
I don't want capitalism.
I want...
You want fancy restaurants.
For instance, but I also want to be able...
I want variety.
I want the unknown.
I would need to be able to travel.
I like going to places where I don't speak the language.
You despise them.
But they know why you're going to the moon at all then
if you want to go to places...
I'm starting to rethink it.
Now, if you're a citizen of the moon,
do you have the ability to go back
if you ever want to take a vacation back to Italy or something like that?
I can't allow that.
I think...
VIP moon.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm assuming that there's going to have to be
an awful lot of back and forth.
You know, the first people that...
You think so?
Yeah, there would have to be.
For instance...
I think also that could be part of the culture
is that the moon is like a...
There would be people...
I would look at it as like a...
like a sieve kind of...
I don't know how to articulate the process.
Like it's an optional...
There's a shuttle that goes back and forth
every year, right?
So you...
Over time, the people that end up populating the moon
are people that actually do enjoy it.
No one that actually doesn't like it
has to be there longer than a certain interval.
And then over time,
even the gene pool is just like people that actually are into the moon.
You got 100 people to start fucking day one.
And 18 years later, there's a bunch of 18-year-olds running around.
They're not all going to be guaranteed likeable people.
What if there's some Friday...
But they're raised well.
Then they get to go away.
They don't want to go.
Their family's up there.
They're not going to like their family if they're uncool.
Their families are going to be cool.
And they'll raise their kids to be cool.
I'm not going to bring uncool people to the moon.
No one uncool is going to like being there.
I'm going to create an environment that uncool people do not like.
Uncool people could have uncool kids.
I mean, cool people could have uncool kids.
Right.
And then the uncool kids get to leave.
And you said,
well, their families are going to be there.
Their families are cool.
They don't like their families if they're uncool.
I see that.
That's oversimplifying it.
Oversimplifying.
Sometimes I wish my family was on the moon
so I could just come to Earth forever.
You know, I think I think that's...
And I know...
Oh, God.
What was going to happen here?
But I honestly think, like,
for a lot of people,
being away from their families forever
would be something that they want to do.
What about this?
Okay.
At the end of each year,
and who knows what a year is when you're on the moon?
I don't know how that works.
How is day and night going to work?
I don't know.
I can't wait to find out.
It works the same because it's locked.
The orbit is locked around.
All right, smarty pants.
At the end of each year...
No.
The moon is geostationary,
but the sun still goes around it
because that's how we get the phases of the moon.
Right.
So the dark side of the moon is not actually dark.
It's dark to us.
Right.
Yeah.
No, we know that,
but doesn't the moon go around?
We don't know that.
Coomale knows that.
The moon is locked in a geostationary orbit,
which means the sun is facing us, right?
But then when the sun is perpendicular to it,
we see half the moon is being dark.
That means the side that's away from us is lit up.
So how long is the moon year built?
It takes like a month to go around the Earth months, right?
It takes like 28 days or something.
But then days and nights are going to be totally different.
It's not going to be 24 hours.
It's going to be one month.
One day is going to be one month.
This is great.
Is it really?
I'll be able to write the script so much faster.
I'm not even living there yet.
I'll get it to you tomorrow.
Yeah.
I might have to jerk off for a couple of air quotes hours.
Okay.
So whatever a moon year is, you have a big party.
Someone's raising their hand.
We have a hand up.
Yes, sir?
Yes.
In addition to jerking off,
what would be your favorite moon activities?
I'm thinking of specifically zero gravity.
Oh, right.
Well, it's one-sixth gravity.
It's one-sixth gravity.
So he's saying, other than jerking off,
what would be your favorite one-sixth gravity gas times?
Right now, at this point,
I can't see past the joy of being just left alone, largely.
I just like talking to people and drinking.
And I don't know if I would take a lot of advantage of the one-sixth gravity
and play a lot of football or anything.
I would think that you probably would create,
indoors, it would be normal gravity, earth gravity.
Probably.
You don't want people like slowly, like, you know...
But I mean, given that gravity would have to be artificially induced.
Sure.
So which means that making a fun room would be as simple as putting less work into it.
I guess there would be places you could go where you could go,
I'm only 30 pounds.
I don't know if I'd hang out there.
I think I'd just have a kind of a log cabin feel.
For you, the moon in itself, there's nothing special about the moon that is the best thing.
No, it's just not on earth.
You just hate groups of people and you don't want...
I don't want to be subject to, yeah, idiot's tyranny.
And then the moon is still free rock.
I'm afraid of my own extreme abject boredom up there with only a small amount of options.
But how many people do you see?
How many different places do you go to in a month?
Dozens? Hundreds? I don't know.
Hundreds?
Also, if I want to, I can take a trip, I can go somewhere, I'll leave.
Just the option is enough.
Yeah, certainly.
If you go to New York, it's incredibly calming.
I don't want to live in New York, but I love being in New York
because the idea that you can do anything you want at any time of day.
I wish I would stand in a plexiglass cube.
If somehow you could construct a one where it was like, oh, you're not...
You're allowed to think, say, and feel and do whatever you want while you're standing in this space
and you're not accountable to it at all.
Did you bring someone else in there with you?
No, I'm saying this is how extreme my alienation is from society.
If I could just have a three-foot-square patch of pee-pee pad for a dog,
where if I stood on it, I was not capable of being a bad person
for feeling something or saying something or doing something.
That would be such a huge guess for me.
You can't do that in a bathroom here.
No, you cannot.
Why?
You cannot because there is always going to be something that you can do
even in the privacy of your own home.
You are always under the fucking rule of morons.
You are never free.
The moon is literally separate from this planet of just fucking insect people.
They will get you somehow.
And I don't care that there's no oxygen there.
That's secondary to my goddamn freedom.
I just want to stand somewhere for a little bit.
I love being asleep because they're not fucking with me there.
But in my dreams, they're still like, stop it.
Shut up, knock it off.
What are you doing?
Tie your shoes.
Take a bath.
But that's you talking to yourself.
That's them, man.
That's them.
Yeah, society's telling you to take a bath.
It sure is.
I know that this is all just hypothetical in the planning stages,
but whatever number of people you picked,
you're going to obviously have to pick them
and you're going to have the rules of who they are.
There's also going to have to be rules of conduct.
And my fear is that you are going to become some sort of weird autocratic tyrant.
No, no.
It will be true anarchy, defined by the fact that there is no...
You know how like kind of in the Judeo-Christian ethic,
and you have lumped in all of them.
We say Judeo-Christian ethic, that's actually not
probably politically correct anymore.
The truth is all of the new major religions,
they all have an anti-murder policy.
It's like, what is the worst thing that you can do?
Like inherently?
What is the fiber of evil?
Like any major religion will tell you, yeah, killing another dude.
That's not... don't do that.
And then they start with the asterisk.
So, well, if the government wants to...
If you have to do it for me, I'd love it.
But on the moon, of course, killing...
That's not even going to come into the picture.
You're never going to get there.
Before you even get there,
the big fucking taboo is going to be hierarchy.
Any implication or thirst for it will be condemned.
Like frowned upon.
It won't even be...
Why are you talking to me as if I'm beneath or above you?
At all.
Don't do it.
Don't talk to me like I'm in charge of you,
and don't talk to me like you're in charge of me.
Non-hierarchical humanity in a bunch of grapes.
Like existing.
But hierarchies happen.
With 100 people, there's going to be hierarchies.
We are always tempted to do it.
We're tempted to do lots of things that we have risen above.
Ideally, those hierarchies would be based on knowledge.
But even that, isn't that still sort of what you don't want?
I have boogers in my nose that will fall out.
I have snot in my mucous membranes.
I have spit in my mouth.
I have turds in my butt.
We are born not knowing the alphabet.
We educate and refine ourselves.
We rise to something.
There's a mimetic evolution to our species,
in addition to the genetic evolution that we've all but halted
for good reasons by going like,
oh, he wears glasses, but I'm hot for him,
because he's smart.
Okay, so say hello to a myopic species.
But we chose to advance ourselves over being giraffes
and going like, little bit of the longer neck, please.
Fuck those guys. They're dead to us.
These giraffes are going to be dead pretty soon.
We're the only things that have a chance of getting off
of this fucking piece of shit planet.
It's not a piece of shit planet.
It's pretty nice. It's got waterfalls.
I'm saying that we achieved the ability to be about to do something naturally,
raise our fist, hate something,
and then we go, oh, no, but my species,
even if not biologically, I don't do that.
When I was a baby, that was like touching a hot stove.
I don't do that.
I don't think about hierarchy.
I have a word for it. I know what it is.
I recognize it when I see it.
I don't hit another person in the face with a toy fire truck,
because when I did that the first time when I was one years old,
I was told, don't do that.
I think we have hierarchy now.
I mean, you called most of us insect people.
I think that's just how we do sort of...
Because they love hierarchy.
That's really weird logic.
Because they like hierarchy.
It's ironic logic, but it's not flawed.
I look down on people who express hierarchy.
You look down on people who look down on people.
Exactly.
Or up to people.
I look down on everybody because we're caught in this infantile thing
of thinking that we need leaders, heroes, government.
Are you fucking kidding me? We're not this smart yet?
The internet is proving to us.
I understand that it has its own...
These governance has emerged, but in their infancy,
forums like Reddit and...
The internet is global.
If you upvote this, you downvote that.
It's relatively...
It's not purely devoid of hierarchy,
but it's functional without hierarchy.
It's like...
It's not necessary for us to go,
Hey, there's Carl. I love Carl.
I love Carl, too. I love Carl. Carl's popular today.
He doesn't have to get a better parking space.
He doesn't have to tell us what to do.
That is infantile.
It is literally infantile.
It's an instinct that we carry into adulthood from infancy.
We start to look at Barack Obama or whoever's running for anything.
We have democracy.
At the end of the day, it's got to be somebody's fault when it rains.
It's not going to be me.
I'm not going to take responsibility for it.
I'm not just going to hang out with my friends
as a group, constantly communicate with them.
Say everything that's on my mind.
I want to go in my house and keep everything to myself
and sit on a bullet ice cream and then get on the computer
and go, Fuck Obama, it rained today.
It's all childish, nonsense.
We are responsible for everything that happens.
Our species is a terror to the planet.
We know all of this in our heads,
but we continue to worship heroes and leaders.
But what do we do to them?
We crucify them.
We take people.
We put them on the covers of magazines.
And then we figure out why their piece is a shit.
We do this over and over and over again in this cycle,
this ritual of telling ourselves over and over again,
nodding like rain man in the back of a truck with a straight jacket on.
We're going, yeah, change is bad.
Change is bad.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm not responsible.
I'm not responsible at all.
By the way, the irony of time.
Somebody's got Adam Goldberg.
The irony of, the irony of you saying,
Adam, I am not above you, but don't ever clap for me
because it fucks everything up.
I like that you're saying you're not above anyone while
we're all performing in front of a three foot face of you.
And we're all at a place called Harmontown.
Let's bring Spencer out right now.
Spencer Spencer, will you come join us?
Thank you.
But that's anyone, anyone can do this.
Anyone can print a three foot.
But some people don't want to do it in the fact.
Exactly.
No, some people don't want to do it.
I don't want to do it.
I want to go to her show.
I don't, I don't, I don't like Wednesday night if she has a show.
You don't want to go to her show.
What's your show?
What was the last show you went to?
You fucking, and also you're talking about responsibility.
You're like...
Yeah, you just want to be king of the moon.
I don't just want to be king of the moon.
I want to live there.
That's not true.
How often do you pick up your dog's poop?
What?
How often do you pick up Harvey's shit?
I don't know, like every eighth shit.
I don't know.
What about the other seven?
Who picks up those?
Oh, Erin.
She doesn't pick up the other seven shits.
Yeah, she does.
Does she really?
Yeah, what are you, where is she going?
I feel like you don't clean your own place.
You rely on other people all the time for other things.
Like you're going to be Mr. Responsible on the moon.
You're going to grow your own food.
You're going to have a mansion on the moon.
You're not?
No.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to have a fucking like Buck Rogers cubicle.
I don't know.
Like it's going to be, it's not going to be like it is here.
You're going to rely on people to do things.
It's going to be a whole different paradigm shift.
There's not going to be property up there.
Do you think you're ready to go up there and be responsible for your own survival?
For your own daily needs?
I will have to be.
And the hundred people with me will be responsible for each other and ourselves.
And we're not going to be like, oh, my house is bigger.
The idea of a big house, think about how absurd that is.
It doesn't make any sense.
Do you know how fucking medieval that is?
Oh, my house is bigger.
Do you know where that comes from?
It's slavery.
The idea that the patch of earth that you're allowed to occupy is a little bigger.
You live in a big house right now.
Yes, of course I do.
The earth is occupied.
It's an occupied state.
It's worth slaves.
I want the biggest house I can fucking get.
I want the most money.
I want a big bag of cocaine.
I want 11 dogs.
I want as much luxury.
But above all of that, I'd love to be on a world that didn't have to have that shit.
You don't have to have that here.
You don't have to have that.
What are you talking about?
The kingdom of God is within you.
And then police hit you with a stick if you don't have enough.
It's illegal to be poor here.
They make your life miserable.
Freedom is a product that they sell you.
You don't have to have a house called Danadoo.
You don't have to have that place.
Like, yes, we all want big houses because we live on a planet owned by people who have
sold us the idea that the amount of space you can walk in is an expression of freedom.
We were born out of vaginas.
We had freedom of speech.
We have the freedom of locomotion.
Nobody's talking out of a vagina.
We are already allowed to do everything, and we have been convinced that, oh, well,
no, you want to park your car there.
Hey, look, man, a lot of people want to park their car there.
You're going to give me $5.
On that Tuesday, you parked your car there.
That's going to cost you $80.
We've got to clean the streets.
You've got to tow that thing.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
It's insanity.
You're going to be such a nightmare despot.
I'm not going to have to be.
I'm going to go up there.
I'm going to have to sleep like a baby for nine hours a day.
You're going to go up there thinking that you're going to be in control of the mind
of 100 people.
The fact that you picked them already gives you power over everyone else.
And the fact that you have incredibly bizarre expectations about behavior of a bunch of different minds,
a bunch of different entities.
You're going to get someone to be in charge of a situation.
Even tiny situations need someone to be in charge, right?
Is that big red?
Who is that?
Me.
Is that big red?
No.
What's your name, sir?
Ryan.
Hello, Ryan.
I mean, I'm being devil's advocate.
I think that in a properly functioning society, we don't need government.
We don't need hierarchies.
We don't need power.
We don't need to enforce certain people having and holding power over other people.
People have the ability in small communities to make decisions as a group.
Have there been any sustainable communities that have lasted beyond a few years that have had no hierarchy?
Yes, but let me just answer this question really quick and you can answer the specific example that I know you have.
The answer, sir, is when there's a fire, which is what you're talking about,
you don't have to have hierarchy in order to have a person who is the designated fire marshal.
You don't have to have hierarchy in order to have responsibility.
You can have 100 people get together and agree on how to get shit done efficiently without anybody being better than anyone else
and having more or less rights than anyone else.
You can actually just organize as a group of people.
That is another fucking lie that's been told to us is that anarchy means chaos.
Those are not synonymous words.
Anarchy means not governed.
Anarchy means non-hierarchical.
It means self-governance.
It means no rule.
As Mikhail Bakunin said, anarchy is the mother of order.
The idea that capitalism and government enforced unemployment to keep prices at a certain place, enforced famine, war, all this stuff.
That's chaos.
That's incredible disorder.
The word anarchy has turned into something else.
I believe that people living in communities making their own decisions, like in Barcelona during the Spanish Civil War and the communes there.
When the civil wars happened, the governments fell apart and there was provisional government and everything went to shit.
Women started throwing off prostitution.
They started shrugging off machismo and started doing, actually becoming powerful members of society.
Scholars, teachers, and universities swept up the floors and cleaned the toilets after they were done teaching because they felt pride in their universities.
The buses ran, the sewers got cleaned, and then all of the fascists from both sides, from Franco, who the fuck their names up?
The communists and the fascists, they all looked at these people all living freely and starting to spread across southwestern Europe.
They all just turned their guns on them and annihilated them because the idea that people could actually properly function if educated, if turned on by the idea that humanity actually has an incredible desire to get along.
Kids in a sandlot absolutely share and they play and they're not bigoted and they're not racist.
We enforce all this shit on them.
Kids are assholes.
What are you talking about?
No, we make kids assholes.
Kids solve fucking problems beautifully if you let them.
If you don't enforce the idea that guys are cooler than girls and get bullies and doesn't force property and shit like that.
I've seen kids beautifully behavior on each other.
If you give people respect, Tolstoy, even though he was like a landowner, he had all these surfs and he freed them all, but he had these schools and he would let the kids teach themselves.
What do you want to learn today?
Everybody learned.
If you could sit wherever you wanted, they had this incredible education and these textbooks that he made were outlawed under Stalinism and stuff because they were so cool because the idea that actually people...
Is that what they officially said?
Is that what Tolstoy said?
The anti-cooler.
You got a Lenin's tomb and there's like a placard that says no cool textbooks.
It says cool and that no smoking sound around it.
It's like Marxism became a Pringles commercial.
I've always been an anarchist at heart, but the idea is the only bummer is that people actually would have to have thought about it and have to be...
We say take responsibility for your life, but I mean so much more than just saying I'll be responsible.
It's like really like taking care of your children, taking care of your elderly, taking care of yourself, not relying on everybody else to do everything for you, but also being able to shrug off shit like sexism and misogyny and racism
and these giant things that we just taught each other to give to necessitate power and people's control over each other.
Sounds great, it's been done.
What happens is governments come in and assassinate you.
Not on the moon.
Because there's nothing up there.
There's no oil up there.
There's no money up there.
There's no diamonds up there.
Yeah, we have a shit ring protecting us.
Very quietly.
I'm off for it.
You pitch a tent.
There's no restaurants.
I'm off for it.
I'm going to need some Mexican food.
We're going to work on this.
The way to do that is I'll make the Mexican food.
I'll try my best.
I'll run a little Mexican restaurant.
And yes, yes, I am picking the people that are going up there.
Because you're going to be a king.
If I go into...
No, because in that town you describe the fucking fascist turn the guns on them because there's people down here.
I can't go up there with a bunch of fetuses and hatch them and be one of them too.
I have to pick cool people to end the hierarchy.
I have to pick and choose out of the 7 billion people.
You have to pick and choose.
It's a flawed right there.
It's not a flawed.
It's the only way it's going to happen.
That's going to be your slogan you use.
No, I'm going to wait until someone else does it.
That's how it's going to happen.
How do you pick?
How do you know what's the coolest 100 people?
I don't know.
I'm going to try.
And you're pointing at the insinuation that I'm going to do something?
Is the inherent flaw of doing it?
I'm saying how do you know what the coolest 100 people are?
Maybe I won't, N-word.
I'm going to fucking take a spectacular attempt.
How many black people out of 100 are you breaking?
18%.
No, I don't know.
I'm going to have to come up with a methodology that's going to make sure that there's some kind of ethnic blind.
I love the idea that you would try to do this.
I just wonder, do you trust yourself to pick the right 100 people?
The truth is, because when you get into that, are you going to go to all seven continents?
It's going to be English speaking.
It's going to be American people.
It's going to be flawed because I want to get it done.
I'm not going to do it perfectly.
I'm going to just do it.
I'm not going to answer to 1,000 people gathering around me going,
well, if you do it this way, isn't you going to, shut it, I'm doing it.
Wait, you're saying there's no hierarchy by telling people to shut it.
There's insects people.
A planet of fucking idiots.
I don't like who you've become already, Dan.
I think I might stay on earth for the first few years like breaking bad and waiting until it comes out on DVD.
You wait it out, but I'm telling you, when you get up there.
It's going to be great.
No, no, no, you're not getting a wristband to the one fancy restaurant we have.
Oh, there's one now?
There's wristbands!
Hierarchy!
Judas!
It starts with wristbands!
Literally things around your wrist that signify.
It's going to be for one nightclub that's going to be called Fuck With Jeff.
Fine.
So that when he gets up there, we're going to go, hey, come into the club.
Oh shit, you weren't here for the first two years.
You were waiting it out.
We just tattooed specific serial numbers on the people who can go.
Can we play a little D&D right now?
Can we try to enforce some of our new anarcho-syndicalism?
Can we try out a little, like, try some of this philosophy?
When we fight a spider?
Yeah, I guess.
Hey, Spencer.
Hey, guys.
What do you think, Spencer?
Do you believe in me?
I think that you'd run into a problem of you'd have a hierarchy police.
There'd be people that are like, oh, you're using wristbands, you got to get off the moon.
That's what I'm saying.
But then they're part of the...
Yeah, but that's going to happen because otherwise you'd have hierarchy, right?
I don't know.
There's got to be a way.
The Vulcans figured out how to...
I think humans are fucked.
People are clapping because Spencer hates humanity.
Yeah.
But it even sounds like inspiring when he says it.
I mean, the thing is like, you know, like...
If it's true that humans are fucked, then what better way to spend the last decades of our fuckedness
just fucked for the fuck of it, just fucking around with the idea that we're not fucked?
Why not just...
Fine, we're fucked.
We can be fucked by doing nothing or we can be fucked doing...
Trying.
We could be fucked trying.
I'm just playing devil's advocate here.
We're spitballing.
We're trying to get this right, you know?
I'm asking you the tough questions now.
What you guys did tonight was called spitballing.
I felt very persecuted.
And I'm really rethinking your moon status.
See?
This is...
This is what we're up.
Dan, I gotta tell you.
You guys are very hierarchical and it does not please me.
Dan.
Dan, the idea that you're not going to become a desperate up there, I think, is that you need to look into that.
Because you're almost certainly going to be disappointed and start making mandates and rules.
Whatever, buddy.
Spencer, what do you think about it all?
I had a cat that I named based off of a promise I made ages ago.
That's a really long throwback.
The bagel?
Yeah.
Well, I wrote down one time, I used to carry a journal and I'd just write down thoughts and stuff.
And I wrote down, cat named Jason.
And then my friend was like, do you want a cat?
And I was like, okay.
And it was a girl, but I named it Jason.
And how long did Jason...
Is Jason still with you?
Jason's still with us.
And Jason is great.
She's digging it.
Okay.
Are there going to be animals on the moon?
I'm sorry, I don't mean to go back into this.
No, that's a good question.
I never thought about that.
Would they get equal rights?
No.
The dog gets a vote.
We're eating kibble every day.
No, I wish that there was a way that we could never leave more than a footprint on another species that we crossed paths with.
But I believe that until we get our shit together, that the most prudent philosophy is to consider humanity to be the absolute most important thing.
Whether or not there'd be dogs and cats up there, I don't know.
That's a good question.
We're not disagreeing with you.
We're challenging you to figure out how this is going to go.
I don't know.
I don't like your dominance over animals already, man.
We're going to continue this.
This podcast has now become about colonizing the moon.
We're going to really do it.
Hey, where's that guy?
Where's that guy that worked at that space factory?
What was his name?
Jesus.
Jesus Diaz?
He moved to Long Beach.
Which is the moon of Earth.
So he lived in...
I know the moon is the moon of Earth.
He lives in Long Beach and can't make this show, but we're going to take him to the moon.
Forget it.
Nobody from Long Beach is coming.
I was born in Long Beach.
Well, no, but you've transcended it.
Thank you.
Thank you, man.
You know you have.
I'm sorry about the...
Don't bring it up again.
Well, that sounds cute.
It sounds like a little robot.
Yeah.
You want to live in a society where that is okay to do, right?
I mean, it's funny because it's so wrong.
I mean, it's so not accurate, and it's mean, and it's...
Yeah, that's not the sound I was going to say we make.
Did...
Are you leading in Pakistani culture?
No.
We're not, like, taught as kids to go, I'm not even going to do it.
But...
Is there no...
Are you leading there?
No one does that?
I never saw it once.
Okay.
I was there for 18 years.
Okay, so did it...
Maybe it was done secretly.
I don't know.
Okay.
But Martin is secretly...
As long as we're apologizing, I'm sorry, Adam.
I didn't mean...
What I said when he stood up and he took a bow, I was just making the observation that it's
a real problem.
You said you'd have a statue to him.
He's doing great.
Which he's referenced, but it came out...
Their audience reacted as if I was being a bully and saying,
Spine, does it work right?
It's not.
That's not what...
I'm sorry if it came across like that.
What do you think, Adam?
Bloom wasn't very good.
Bloom, could you do some work?
But we still love your efforts.
Now, Adam, we adore you.
We love you.
Thank you for coming.
Can I...
Can I share?
I...
I kind of like the boom joke.
It was better than anything I had.
He came up with...
What was the skeleton one the other day?
Bone viage.
Yeah, that will never be forgotten.
All right, Spencer, catch us up and we'll do a little anarchist D&D right now.
Hold up.
And...
Last time on Harmontown.
Our heroes were in the hall of the Jarl of Fornheim.
Oh, that didn't tick.
The frozen city.
The party hoped to gain some assistance in defeating Admiral Darkstar and ask the Jarl,
Liv Dahl, for aid.
But the giant noticed right away that they had collected some of the fragments of power
and wanted them for himself.
This remark incensed Sharpie, who railed against the unjolly blue giant, unleashing a verbal
teeth-dicking.
The giant responded by stomping on Sharpie, leaving him dying.
Broken and body, but not mind.
Mulraine, however, had suffered a broken mind.
Thank you, Spencer.
And began furiously courting the Jarl's favor.
But Christopher called him out on his bullshit, for which he also suffered a boot to the
head, but survived.
Weighing the situation, Quark alternated between rage and bargaining, but Sharpie continued
to hurl insults at the giant until the Jarl murdered the dying man, snuffing it out with
his blue thumb.
After an insanity of commotion and action, settled at the same time, Quark decided to
trade shards for a skeleton army and Sharpie's life.
And Liv Dahl resurrected the slain sorcerer before sending them on their way.
Now.
I forgot, that was really intense all we did in that throne room or whatever.
Right, guys?
We all went through a lot.
My favorite moment, if I could step out of the thing, was you actually stood up and were
like, okay, guys, there was a lot of emotions going on.
There were.
There was a lot going on.
I don't think we'll forget the day within the D&D world and also in real life.
I know I won't.
So we have our skeleton army right now.
It seems a little hierarchical right now to have kind of soldiers.
Well, we do the thing that Daenerys Targaryen doesn't give a thrones where they're like,
you're free, but you can totally still help us out.
I'd say to the skeletons, hey, you're free, but blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, you're free, but if you want to help us out, we did free you.
We did pick you to come to the moon.
If you want to do me a little favor, here's some wristbands.
I feel like it's unfair to use the wristband.
That's my joke.
I was joking.
The wristbands were ironic.
And then you guys are like, wristbands, wristbands.
That's the joke.
But the moment they became convenient for your joke, you put another wristband on, man.
Wait, I didn't understand that.
Hey, man.
Yeah, you never will, man.
You never will.
You got to hate wristbands to get that joke.
You got to wristband on your mind, man.
Yeah, the wristband's not on your wrist, man.
Anatoly, you know what I'm talking about.
You come from Mother Russia.
Your grandparents didn't have hierarchy, kind of, except they had one big hierarchy over them.
Anatoly, we're Tolstoy's books.
Totally cool.
Yeah, I like them.
You like them.
All right.
All right, so we got our army.
Where do we need to get to?
Are we actually going to denierism?
Oh, yeah.
Do you want to make a speech there?
Yeah.
I'm not.
I actually don't want to.
I don't think we should do that because they're skeletons that were conjured by a frost giant.
They're not people.
Are they just things and not people?
Do they have personalities and names?
They are skeletons, you know.
Can we name them one through 40?
And that's how we sort of give them a little bit of...
That is something you could do.
All right, we went through a lot.
Let's just take our army and let's press forward.
All right.
One through 40.
We tattooed the numbers on their wrists.
All right.
So do we need to get...
Not in a bad way.
Do we need to get directions to where Admiral Darkstar's fortification is?
Yeah.
I mean, you're still in the giant city.
You're just not in that palace anymore.
So...
Let's walk to the...
Let's exit the city and go to the Admiral Darkstar thing, right?
Yeah.
Let's drop by and pay the visit.
Let's go.
So you leave the city heading north towards the Black Keep.
Soon you come to a massive ice canyon, a great rift in the sheer cliff of ice.
You'll have to pass through the canyon in order to reach Admiral Darkstar.
No bridge?
Well, no.
It's like...
It's like you're at the bottom of a cliff and there's like a canyon going through it.
So...
So we should walk into the canyon?
Or you could try and climb up it, but it's hundreds of feet.
You need more rope, probably.
All right.
Can I climb up it or...
I'm sorry.
You're at the bottom of a cliff.
Right.
And the only way through the cliff is this canyon that's cutting through the cliff.
Otherwise, you'd have to go up the cliff.
Oh, I see.
So we're being directed into like a tunnel.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Should we take a vote with us and also the 40 skeletons?
Skeletons, what do you think?
They look on.
Dead eyes.
The eyes are above the nose.
Well, they're not...
That's accurate.
Yeah.
They're not going to climb anywhere with us.
I mean, we're not going to be crafty.
Let's just proceed into this canyon.
Let's do it.
Let's go.
Skeletons first.
Inside the canyon, you can hear howling wind, but you feel cold beginning to sink in.
Your lack of wintry clothing is beginning to take its toll on your bodies, numbing your
fingers, and biting your skin.
Can we take clothes from the skeletons?
Sure.
Are they wearing clothes?
They're wearing heavy black cloaks.
Yeah.
They're skeletons.
They don't have dicks to be ashamed of.
They don't have zipper scars on them.
How do you think cloaks work, by the way?
Like, what do you think?
The cloaks are...
All right, let's take some cloaks.
All right.
That happens.
Thank you, 37.
Thank you, 8.
Thank you, 13.
You feel warmer, but still, it's not doing it.
You're going to have to get out of exposure within the next evening or so.
Otherwise, you might get too cold.
In the canyon, are there any caves that we can sort of...
You'd have to go deeper in the canyon to try and find something like that.
How much time do we have before nightfall?
You know, plenty of time.
I said we press up.
We have to find shelter, you guys.
Let's move along.
Immediately, you hear a skittering, chittering, chirping sound coming from all around you.
See?
We found a forest.
White, flittering shapes swoop down from above into the canyon.
Thousands of these strange, chittering, white shapes moving about as if a cloud of gnats.
Hello, fairies.
Are you here to warm us?
That's positive thinking.
They are not.
How do we know that they're not?
You just get that sense after you ask the question.
Are they coming straight for us?
They're kind of descending.
It's kind of descending into the canyon all around you,
and you kind of feel the wind whip up, and you feel kind of slashes.
I have an armlet of winter.
That's not going to help.
It's going to make things more cold.
Don't you have armlets that we can do things with?
I have an armlet of spring, but it's really...
I need to be in a springy environment in order...
I can summon armor of thorny vines,
and I can command the vines to blah, blah, blah.
These guys are so small, though.
I don't know how we would...
I mean, I'm assuming we have torches lit and stuff?
I know.
Okay, well, I would like to light a torch.
Okay.
All right, and hold it aloft.
All right.
You do that.
You know, it's the winds whipping around pretty brilliantly,
but you've managed to create, like, the world's best wind block
to light this torch, and that happens.
But the howling wind at the same time it kind of bites at your guys
is, you know, heals and exposes skin.
You take two damage each.
What the hell?
Oh, come on.
Are the skeletons okay with them?
What's somebody...
The skeletons are immune to cold.
I'm using my tooth fillings of hearing voices
to ask that person to repeat what he just shouted out.
Magic.
Elements.
Resist.
Resist elements.
Do we have that?
I don't think we have any magic people up here.
I'm pretty sure Mulrainee does that as well.
She's watching Breaking Bad.
Mulrainee, cast Resist Elements.
Is she here?
How does this work when she's here?
I don't know.
Let's have Anatoly play Mulrainee.
Anatoly, get up here.
Tonight, the role of Mulrainee Tadana will be played by Anatoly.
Do you want to give him this?
Anatoly, say I cast Resist Elements.
Don't do it.
Be anarchical about it.
Okay, yeah.
I cast Resist Elements.
Good Russian.
Okay.
You guys feel like you're resisting elements.
All right.
Hey, good work, Mulrainee.
Wow.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
Is it my turn?
Yeah.
Okay, this is going to sound crazy.
I think we should put on a show.
I love shows.
Let's do it.
Oh my God, we put on a show.
She's going to be so pissed that we did a show.
We put on the best show ever.
It's like the Breaking Bad of D&D shows.
What do you do?
Well, I come downstage and I set the stage for, like, it's a period piece.
I go, it'll land without time.
Two peacocks fell in love.
One from the house of Featherdom.
The other from the house of Raven.
And then the camera cranes up and points down.
And it's a Busby Berkeley shot of me like Esther Williams.
And I'm swimming around in the snow.
And all the skeletons are doing a kaleidoscope with their bones.
And the gnats are swirling around.
It's a big, it's a big, huge, like, MGM kind of musical.
Oh, birds of a feather, never, never together.
Oh, when you're in the snow and you don't know where to go,
you need to find a cave.
Your life will be saved.
And then there's a little, like, a little ice pool.
And then all the skeletons will land up and they all start diving in like that.
I rub some snow on my face so I have a white beard.
And then I open a mime door and I come in and go,
You knock it off! You owe me the rent!
But I can't pay the rent!
You must pay the rent!
I'll pay the rent!
That's like, I made a snowman that looks like a hero.
And then the camera widens out and I've made snowmen out of every character we've met in our entire campaign.
And they're all there.
So it's like a big, huge production number where everybody we've met is just crazy.
And I sing a song and everyone's like, oh, here he goes.
But it's a new song.
It's not Lady in Red.
And it's the best fucking song you've ever heard.
It's amazing.
It's moving and funny and inspiring and a catchy tune.
Chris de Burgh, we had to come this far for you to be inspired to write a new hit.
And all it took was putting on a show.
Thank God we had this idea.
Mulraine!
And at this point...
Mulraine, I can't believe that you just sat there and watched it, joined the show at all.
I'm doing nothing because I am after last week's show.
So I'm like, yeah, I have nothing.
She's not into it.
And all the evil gnats are crying through smiles.
Suffice it to say, it's a great show.
We should have a final line for the show, right?
The moral of the story.
The more you snow, the less you know.
And it makes sense.
In the context of the show...
Meaning don't snow so much.
It's too cold out here.
Oh my God, so moving.
You really feel not cold anymore.
Yes!
Our show's so good, we changed the weather.
Yeah, so...
Alright, well let's...
I mean, I have more, but that's a great time to end it.
Alright, well is that it?
Let's end it right now.
Do you want to put on a cap on the...
Anatoly, do you want to say...
Anatoly, you came up here. How's it going in your career?
Nothing much, actually.
You settled in at UCLA?
No.
Why not? What's hard?
I'm just curious because I came from a different country to go to college
and it was very challenging.
How's it been for you?
It's okay. Yeah, it's nice.
You seem evasive.
Is your parole officer here?
It's great.
Yeah, I'm just tired, but it's nice.
Oh, he's tired.
Because I was sleeping all day before like...
Are you still jet lagging?
Yeah, like, yeah.
Anatoly, do you want to do...
Since you're portraying the role of Mal Rain right now,
do you want to do one final action
because we can end on a little cliffhanger here?
I mean, look down your character sheet
or summon the inner Mal Rain in you.
And this is your opportunity to affect Aaron's character,
to affect our campaign.
No, no, no.
She's just still bummed out from the last...
All right, well, that wasn't the cap we were hoping for.
Oh, but what could follow that amazing show, you know?
I mean, what's going to be better than that?
Only an awesome...
Oh, and we do it again.
What were you going to say?
A rap.
An awesome rap?
Yo, yo, yo.
Rap, rap, rap.
Rap here, rap there, everywhere.
I'm rapping in the street like a grizzly bear.
I got a row of teeth inside my mouth.
I fucked your momma in the north and the south.
I fucked your momma in the titty and the butt.
I fucked your momma.
So what?
Take it, Anatoly.
Go, go, Anatoly, go, go.
It's Russian rap.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Thank you, Anatoly.
Thank you.
One more time for Kumail Nanjiani, everyone.
Spencer Crittenden.
Everybody here, thank you for coming so much.
And everybody here, I've melted down.
We love you so much.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon.
No hierarchy.
I will find you.
Yeah.
Anatoly.